c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Seed\LanguageSeed.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Service.dll.config
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Service.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Service.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Business.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Elmah.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\log4net.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Model.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Repository.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\SendGridMail.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\EntityFramework.Extended.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Business.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Model.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Repository.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\log4net.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\EntityFramework.Extended.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\obj\Release\Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\obj\Release\Service.dll
c:\users\gabriel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CET\Service\obj\Release\Service.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Seed\LanguageSeed.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Service.dll.config
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Service.XML
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Service.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Service.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Business.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Elmah.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Model.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Repository.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\SendGridMail.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\EntityFramework.Extended.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Business.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Model.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\EntityFramework.Extended.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\obj\Release\Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\obj\Release\Service.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\obj\Release\Service.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\WebApiContrib.Formatting.Jsonp.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Twilio.Api.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Twilio.Api.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\Twilio.Api.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\GoogleMapsApi.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\GoogleMapsApi.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Source\Repos\CET - GWP\src\Service\bin\GoogleMapsApi.xml
